c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.exe.config
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.exe
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.pdb
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.g.resources
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.exe
c:\users\thiagarajan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.pdb
C:\Users\Thiagarajan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Thiagarajan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Thiagarajan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Thiagarajan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.exe.config
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.exe
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MetroSample.pdb
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.g.resources
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.exe
C:\Users\RomanKunovskyi\Desktop\MetroSample\MetroSample\obj\Debug\MetroSample.pdb
